{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red250\green250\blue250;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15620\viewh17040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
\
* Sheryline from Burstly asking to set up new pub_app: Paltalk\
\
* Setting up new IDs for EA: Scrabble Free Mattel iOS and android\
\
* Julie asking for Zynga, EA and Zeptolabs report--thx, i'll get the report for you when the report stabilize \
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
***** Check Fab cohort creative and publisher performance daily\
\
***** Check daily spend every morning and change the Doc accordingly\
\
==================================================================\
\
* (Mid-April) Test on High Noon: Start with Audible US iPhone \
\
* Check Ubisoft_Toys_R_U\
\
#####################################################################
\fs26 \cf2 \cb3  \

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
*   Apsalar done. \
    midverse done. \
    fab done.\
\
Check with Ash about the Fab-iPad-Video-Ads campaign. \
\
* Send new monthly IO to Wanzhen\
\
* New campaign for Delivery Hero campaign??\
\
* Sign the IO\
\
* Create new campaigns and get them started for May month. \
\
* Really not urgent, reply the Kontagent people\
\
* Really not urgent, check Elena's new feed's traffic. Should ctr.timetravel should be live starting April 18th, targeting US, UK, CA, AU\
\
* Get the numbers for Zoopla and Prime Location people. \
\
* Check with Ash, put the Audible US android campaign live. \
\
* Expedia video(Gregory's email IO Canada campaign)\
\
* Redfin taking over the issue. \
\
* Take a look at Gregory's IO email MCSaachi\
\
* Ko needs a new IO.\
\
\
1367366400\
\
1370044800\
\
517ad992e4b04bdf3114717a.json -- iPhone\
\
517ad9bee4b04bdf31147181.json -- iPad\
\
* Send the Final billing number to MCSaatchi/MobilityWare\
\
* Amobee and Bingo run android run the normal size when we have the performance in place. \
}