{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red171\green53\blue54;\red239\green214\blue214;\red54\green121\blue52;
\red216\green238\blue206;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww50700\viewh27400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \
* AdMarvel integration follow up\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strike \strikec2 http://ad-x.co.uk/API/dynclk/ManiL49610DP/50b72e6eb6312/rffrid/Tapsense.manilla_october_star_320x480_v7c/NET/\{click_id\}/Tapsense?Odin1=\{odin\}&udid=\{sha1_udid\}&idfa=\{id_for_advertiser\}
\f0\fs40 \cf0 \cb1 \strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f1\fs36 \cf4 \cb5 http://ad-x.co.uk/API/dynclk/ManiL49610DP/50b72e6eb6312/rffrid/Tapsense.Manilla_October_Star_320x480_V7C/NET/\{click_id\}/Tapsense?Odin1=\{udid\}&udid=\{sha1_udid\}&idfa=\{id_for_advertiser\}
\f0\fs40 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
* (Need to check the Manilla) Now we have all the King.com pub_apps coming. Set Manilla with the new pub_app. \
\
* Check AOL and Ubermedia testing. Make sure the test all  work. \
\
* Check with SOMO.\
\
* (Reached out already) Apsalar reach out and integration. \
\
=================================================================\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs36 \cf6 Gregory to manage campaigns this three day weekend. Eric to provide support.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf6 \
Fab Uber Media conversion tracking\'a0
\b0 \
1. Need Fab IO signed for 11,500 - Uber Media IO for 10K\
2. Get assets from Michael\
3. Create campaign for Uber Media with creative and CPC - No publishers selected\
4. Start campaign\
5. Eric to create Click URLs for Uber Media to use\
6. All data conversions should show up in our Dashboard\
\

\b Fab AOL conversion tracking
\b0 \
1. Eric to work with them on testing\
\

\b Video
\b0 \
1. Still need Fab shell design\
2. Will running tests on Burstly and Solitaire\
3. Discuss with Michael budget\
\

\b German Inventory Burstly
\b0 \
1. Erin to follow on additional German inventory both iPad and iPhone\
\

\b M&C Saatchi
\b0 \
1. Catalog Spree needs more budget before three day weekend\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \
##########################################################################\
\
* Take 2 hrs to finish up the Kochava integration. \
\
* (Amit will help with this) Janelle from ice.com get the daily cap back to 0.05 for them for yesterday. \
\
* Fab UK creative update\
}