{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red250\green250\blue250;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15920\viewh17040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
* TelMap is fucked up. No clicks no downloads. Nothing yet but they set the post-back already.\
\
* Julie asking for Zynga, EA and Zeptolabs report--thx, i'll get the report for you when the report stabilize \
\
* JumpTap follow up and getting back with more docs/info for them. \
\
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\
\
==================================================================\
\
* (Mid-April) Test on High Noon: Start with Audible US iPhone \
\
* Check Ubisoft_Toys_R_U\
\
* EA scrabble\
\
#####################################################################
\fs26 \cf2 \cb3  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 1)
\f1\b0\fs34  We don't currently have a paid campaign, but would like to begin to track email and web. The documentation mentions you will be providing tracking codes, and that we can "place these tracking codes" into their channels - do you have documentation on this? Is this an alternate URL you will be providing that redirects back to the store for download after first pinging Tapsense? We'd like to begin to play with this in\'a0advance\'a0of our meeting.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf4 \
This is basically a click_url just for tracking email/web. If a user clicked through and entered the app store with the specific url we could record the user data. \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf4 2)
\b0 \'a0How do you handle situations where a user is shown a call to action generated on a desktop machine, but later decides to download straight from the device? We're curious how you are matching this user to the mobile download.\
\
(We have a look back window for this?)\
\
\
\

\b 3)
\b0  There are any number of different lead events we will want to track - do we have the ability to pass a lead "type" along with this conversion event?\
\
We have event and event data for the new type of events.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}