{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue190;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh15640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
* Check Ubisoft_Toys_R_Us\
\
* Digging into the iOS6+ Burstly parameter issue\
\
* Amobee works, now post back \
\
* Prepare reports for John from MobilityWare \
\
* Michael from Fab asking for Facebook ids for Feb\
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
* 28th(Check Wednesday afternoon) Check for SquareTrade campaign. See whether the campaign started successfully. \
\
***** Check Fab cohort creative and publisher performance daily\
\
***** Check daily spend every morning and change the Google Doc accordingly\
\
=========================================================================\
\
\
* (Mid-April)Test on High Noon: Start with Audible US iPhone \
\
\
#########################################################################\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 We should receive idfa from all burstly for ios6+ but I don't know for sure. I do think that the percentage will be high enough. There is currently no easy way to find out. Maybe just try it out and see how it works. Seems like we are increasingly needing to target \cb3 a\cb1  campaign based on what identifiers we receive. We can add this feature next week. should be simple to do.\
\
\'a0See in the burstlyPayload collection. db.burstlyPayload.find() or even in requestAdServlet, do\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2 \cf2 db.requestAdServlet.find(\{ "queryString":/pubid=burstly/\}).pretty() 
\f1 to see burstly requests.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}