{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red223\green232\blue245;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red250\green250\blue250;\red23\green54\blue107;\red9\green56\blue196;\red255\green191\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15920\viewh17040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/jumptap/519ebb56e4b0467f562195bf?idfa=\{idfa\}&odin=\{odin1\}&ext_click_id=\{ext_click_id\}&cid=66861befc9&creative_name=testads_320x480_1&app_id=\{pub_app_id\}
\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/jumptap/519ebb56e4b0467f562195bf?idfa=\{idfa\}&odin=\{odin1\}&ext_click_id=\{ext_click_id\}&cid=bc02d89c41&creative_name=testads_320x480_2&app_id=\{pub_app_id\}\

\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 ==================================================================\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
* (Mid-April) Test on High Noon: Start with Audible US iPhone \
\
* Check Ubisoft_Toys_R_U\
\
* EA scrabble\
\
#####################################################################
\fs26 \cf4 \cb5  
\f1\fs40 \cf6 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf2 \

\fs54 Jumptap click_url:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\fs42 \cf2 \cb3 http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/jumptap/51b9f6f1e4b0333ba759133f?idfa=\{idfa\}&odin=\{odin1\}&ext_click_id=\{ext_click_id\}&cid=foo_id&creative_name=foo_name&app_id=all
\fs40 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs36 \cf2 Jumptap post_back url:\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://notify.tapsense.com/ads/ping?app_id=%5Bstring%5D&adv_id=%5Bstring%5D&timestamp=%5Blong%5D&hash=%5Bstring%5D&android_id=%5Bstring%5D&imei=%5Bstring%5D"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs38 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 http://notify.tapsense.com/ads/ping?app_id=[string]&adv_id=[string]&timestamp=[long]&hash=[string]&android_id=[string]&imei=[string]}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\fs42 \cf2 \cb3 http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/tapcommerce/51bb5f3ce4b0c29dea9ebcd3?idfa=\{idfa\}&odin=\{odin1\}&cid=\{CREATIVE_NAME\}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/tapcommerce/51bb5f3ce4b0c29dea9ebcd3?idfa=\{idfa\}&odin=\{odin1\}&ext_click_id=\{ext_click_id\}&cid=foo_id&creative_name=foo_name&app_id=all\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \
http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/ubermedia/51bb7002e4b09acb97acdba3?idfa=\{idfa\}&odin=\{odin\}&cid=\{CREATIVE_NAME\}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\
PCH wants the campaign to be like this:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs26 \cf2 HI Thomas and Eric,\
\
Per our phone conversation this morning I believe a few changes can be made to optimize our campaign.\
\
1) Block Ipad and Ipod (4x higher conversion rate on Iphone)\
2) Include some Android Traffic\
3) Include more MetroPCS and TMobile if possible\'a0\
\
Also, I'd like to optimize placements.\
\
Can you add the following parameter to the end of the link and pass in a code to help me identify which publishers/sites within your network are driving conversion rate?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lw.pch.com/?adId=xxxx"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 http://lw.pch.com/?adId=xxxx}}\cb8 &publisher=\{whatever publisher code you want\}\cb1 \
\
If you break traffic down by keyword rather then at the site level feel free to pass keywords describing the traffic in this parameter &keyword=\{whatever keywords you use\}\
\
Let me know if this makes sense. \'a0If I can get "under the hood" a bit and optimize based on keyword or placement in addition to Operating system and device type I am confident we can find segments of traffic that perform well and demand spend.\
\
All the best,
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\
TeamAol waiting on their integration. \
PlayHaven integration. \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/jumptap/51ba54d3e4b0bdb0f7a987ac?android_id=%7Bandroid_id%7D&imei=%7Bimei%7D&sha1_imei=%7Bsha1_imei%7D&odin=%7Bodin1%7D&ext_click_id=%7Bext_click_id%7D&cid=foo_id&creative_name=foo_name&app_id=all"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs38 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/jumptap/51ba54d3e4b0bdb0f7a987ac?android_id=\{android_id\}&cid=}}
\f2\i\b\fs26 \cf2 EiffelSeine_320x480
\f0\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\fs60 \cf2 \cb3 http://c.tapsense.com/c/track/jumptap/51ba54d3e4b0bdb0f7a987ac?android_id=\{android_id\}&sha1_android_id=\{sha1_android_id\}&cid=foo_id&creative_name=foo_name&app_id=all
\fs58 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
Hi Team, Thanks for doing the changes!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs26 \cf2 Can you guys turn up volume on the following feeds for iPhone:\
-\'a0
\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 deadahead_iphone
\f2\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
-\'a0
\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 tetrisblitz_iphone
\f2\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
-\'a0
\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 scrabblefree_iphone
\f2\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
We would be able to do good eCPMs there.\'a0\
\
\
===============================================================================\
\
1. deep linking\
2. tracking download\
3. android, iOS, mobile link campaign. \
check with shazem, \
\
\
1. Conversion tracking is the first priority, \
2. Deep linking check with the Shazem team get the thing going. \
Offering Michael, the conversion link generator from our dashboard. \
\
\
===============================================================================\
\
\
SGN:\
1. Burstly. \
2. Apps, how many, what platform - iOS, Android. Publisher side. \
\
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
DE Done. \
UK Done. \
US iPad normal Done. \
US CA iPhone Done. \
\
US iPad webstore got stuck\
\
\
\
\
}