{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green56\blue196;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh15640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 1. \
     a. (Done) Check How About We campaign. See the CPphotoUpload. And whether all urls look good--\
          --Some urls missing odin. \
     b. (Done) Check database see why we dropped 3 conversions. \
          1. (Done) Check the tsAdReportProdDB to find out which conversion is missing\
          2. (Done) Find in the daily database whether they have all url including the 3 missing ones. \
         Found some discrepancies: The one we don't convert successfully. \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://notify.tapsense.com/ads/ping?app_id=com.howaboutwe.singles&adv_id=adv-267d398fd7&udid="}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\i\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 http://notify.tapsense.com/ads/ping?app_id=com.howaboutwe.singles&adv_id=adv-267d398fd7&udid=}}
\f1\i\b\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 99000207586579\cf5 _XXX_4b5b4733034d4160&timestamp=1358700906&device_type=SPH-L710&os_version=4.1.1&hash=88e94a2e8d254732fcc1edd9422da0a8
\f0\i0\b0\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
2. \
     a. Check Tiny Casle iOS. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 *\
     a. (/Done, Paul in process turning on the post-back pings.) mFortune Ad-x integration checking -- They didn't turn the post-back urls up\'85. Asking too much you guys, asking too much\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 * \
     a. (Wait, needs 20 dollar live campaign up) Standby PointReach live campaign and check if the campaign is sending out complete click url--with "&" changed to '?'\
==========================================================\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 *\
     a. (/Pause, 75% of the callback url have imei, others have android_id. Ash's approach, do things one at a time, check their iOS campaign) Check TinyCo Castle Android and see whether the urls all look good. If so turn their android campaign on. }