{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh15640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \
* Fill up the form for Kochava and get the integration started. \
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf0 * 
\i0\b0 \ul HowAboutWe_hasOffers\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0      a. (Wait) Cross check conversion number with Lucas on HowAboutWe Android campaign to see whether the new post back url format works. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0      b. Test on their app on our Santa Jump and then ask for confirmation from their end for conversion/clicks checking.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 * ON_GOING\ulnone \
     a. Fill up the Faqs. Questions from customers. Filling up the template Faqs so that in the future it's easier to trouble shoot. \
\
=================================================================\

\i\b \
(Wednesday)
\i0\b0 \
* \ul Ad-x
\fs38 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 \ulnone      a. (Sent Email, Set time as 9:00 AM) Set up a call to have Paul train me. 
\f0\fs30 \cf0 \
\
##########################################################################\
\

\f1\fs34 \cf2 * \ul Tiny Castle Androids\ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0      a. (Campaign set up, review needed) Set up TinyCastle Android Campaign. Campaign performance looking good. \
\
* \ul TinyCo\ulnone \
     a. (Wait, Spiros will get back to us)Check Tiny Castle iOS. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dashboard.tapsense.com/console/ui#adv/3/start_date=2013-01-24&end_date=2013-01-24&date_range=yesterday&report_by=publisher_app&filter=adv_name:Tinyco,%20Inc.;camp_name:tiny_castle_iphone_global_Nov_30;"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://dashboard.tapsense.com/console/ui#adv/3/start_date=2013-01-24&end_date=2013-01-24&date_range=yesterday&report_by=publisher_app&filter=adv_name:Tinyco, Inc.;camp_name:tiny_castle_iphone_global_Nov_30;}}\
\
* (Done) Get Audible UK, US, DE report done. \
\
* (Erin will follow up) \ul PointReach Ebay\ulnone \
     a. (Done, Check with their data on Monday) Standby PointReach live campaign and check if the campaign is sending out complete click url--with "&" changed to '?'\
\

\fs32 \ul * hasOffers iOS
\fs30 \ulnone \
     a. (Done ) Check Lucas' email about the iOS testing campaign. How to test and make sure that the integration works. }