{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh15640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 1 
\fs32 \ul hasOffers iOS
\fs30 \ulnone \
     a. (Done, ) Check Lucas' email about the iOS testing campaign. How to test and make sure that the integration works. \

\f1\fs34 \cf2 \
2 \ul Tiny Castle Androids\ulnone \

\f0\fs30 \cf0      a. (Campaign set up, review needed) Set up TinyCastle Android Campaign\
\
\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
* \ul Ad-x
\fs38 \

\f1\fs34 \cf2 \ulnone      a. (Email Sent) Set up a call to have Paul train me the coming Monday. 
\f0\fs38 \cf0 \

\f1\fs34 \cf2 Ad-x training: ask dr.Paul
\f0\fs30 \cf0 \
\
* \ul TinyCo\ulnone \
     a. (Wait, Spiros will get back to us)Check Tiny Castle iOS. \
	In the following: Solitaire is still giving impressions. Weird as hell, let Ash check.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dashboard.tapsense.com/console/ui#adv/3/start_date=2013-01-24&end_date=2013-01-24&date_range=yesterday&report_by=publisher_app&filter=adv_name:Tinyco,%20Inc.;camp_name:tiny_castle_iphone_global_Nov_30;"}}{\fldrslt https://dashboard.tapsense.com/console/ui#adv/3/start_date=2013-01-24&end_date=2013-01-24&date_range=yesterday&report_by=publisher_app&filter=adv_name:Tinyco, Inc.;camp_name:tiny_castle_iphone_global_Nov_30;}}\
     b. (Wait, 75% of the callback url have imei) Check TinyCo Castle Android and see whether the urls all look good. If so turn their android campaign on. \
\
\
=================================================================\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf0 (MONDAY)\
* 
\i0\b0 \ul HowAboutWe_hasOffers
\i\b \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0\b0 \cf0      a. (Wait) Check How About We Android campaign. See the CPphotoUpload. And whether all urls look good--\
          --Some urls missing odin. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0      b. (Wait) Cross check conversion number with Lucas on HowAboutWe Android campaign to see whether the new post back url format works. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
* \ul PointReach Ebay\ulnone \
     a. (Done, Check with their data on Monday) Standby PointReach live campaign and check if the campaign is sending out complete click url--with "&" changed to '?'\
\
\
#########################################################################}